chore(table): update table tutorial to be more easily understandable (#224)
patternfly/training-scenarios: react-components/table-intro/step6.md

> In this step, we'll move our row/column definitions to an external file and add a few more rows of sample data to make the next part of the lesson more realistic.

Reviewer: Replace/remove instance of "we'll"

1) <strong>Navigate to the `src` folder and open `src/data.js`.</strong>

> 2) <strong>Copy the row/column definitions to the external file.</strong>

Reviewer: Maybe be a little more specific here, like `Copy the row/column definitions from [file name] to the external file opened in step 1.

Reviewer 2: I think the location is inferred from the previous steps.

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
export const columns = [
  { title: "First column" },
  { title: "Second column" },
  { title: "Third column" }
];
export const defaultRows = [
  {
    cells: [
      { title: "Row 1 column 1" },
      { title: "Row 1 column 2" },
      { title: "Row 1 column 3" }
    ]
  },
  {
    cells: [
      { title: "Row 2 column 1" },
      { title: "Row 2 column 2" },
      { title: "Row 2 column 3" }
    ]
  },
  {
    cells: [
      { title: "Row 3 column 1" },
      { title: "Row 3 column 2" },
      { title: "Row 3 column 3" }
    ]
  },
  {
    cells: [
      { title: "Row 4 column 1" },
      { title: "Row 4 column 2" },
      { title: "Row 4 column 3" }
    ]
  },
  {
    cells: [
      { title: "Row 5 column 1" },
      { title: "Row 5 column 2" },
      { title: "Row 5 column 3" }
    ]
  },
  {
    cells: [
      { title: "Row 6 column 1" },
      { title: "Row 6 column 2" },
      { title: "Row 6 column 3" }
    ]
  }
];
</pre>

3) <strong>Navigate back to the `src` folder and reopen `src/App.js`.</strong>

> 4) <strong>Replace the inline rows/columns definitions with a reference to the ones from data.js.</strong>

Reviewer: wrap `data.js` in back-ticks

> 4) <strong>Replace the inline rows/columns definitions with a reference to the ones from data.js.</strong>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4) <strong>Replace the inline rows/columns definitions with a reference to the ones from `data.js`.</strong>
```

> a) Import the new row/column definitions. Place the import statement just below the last import at the top of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a) <strong> Import the new row/column definitions.</strong> 

Place the import statement just below the last import at the top of the file.
```

<pre class="file">
import { columns, defaultRows } from './data';
</pre>

> b) Delete the rows and columns definitions in App.js, as the table will now use the definitions imported from data.js instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
b) <strong>Delete the rows and columns definitions in `App.js`</strong>.

The table will now use the definitions imported from `data.js` instead.
```

> The code you are deleting should look like the following

Reviewer: remove "you"

> The code you are deleting should look like the following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code that is being deleted should look like the following:
```

<pre class="file">
const columns = [
  { title: "First column" },
  { title: "Second column" },
  { title: "Third column" }
];
const defaultRows = [
  {
    cells: [
      { title: "Row 1 column 1" },
      { title: "Row 1 column 2" },
      { title: "Row 1 column 3" }
    ]
  },
  {
    cells: [
      { title: "Row 2 column 1" },
      { title: "Row 2 column 2" },
      { title: "Row 2 column 3" }
    ]
  },
  {
    cells: [
      { title: "Row 3 column 1" },
      { title: "Row 3 column 2" },
      { title: "Row 3 column 3" }
    ]
  }
];
</pre>

> The Table should render the same as it did before, except with a few more rows:

Reviewer: lower case for table

> The Table should render the same as it did before, except with a few more rows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The table should render the same as it did before, except with a few more rows:
```
